Add info on minimal UBSan runtime (#931)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/Compiler-Hardening-Guides/Compiler-Options-Hardening-Guide-for-C-and-C++.md

As with all testing practices, sanitizers cannot absolutely prove the absence of bugs. However, when used appropriately and regularly they can help in identifying latent memory, concurrency, and undefined behavior-related bugs which may be difficult to pinpoint.

> Sanitizers should not be used for hardening in production environments (apart from UBSan with minimal runtime - see below), particularly for Set User ID (SUID) binaries, as they expose operational parameters via environmental variables which can be manipulated to clobber root-owned files and privilege escalation[^Nagy2016].

Reviewer: Can we turn this to a link to the corresponding table entry added in #933 ?

I would also prefer to expand UBSan here, since we only introduce the abbreviated form in the UBSan description later.

```suggestion
Sanitizers should not be used for hardening in production environments (apart from UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer with [`-fsanitize-minimal-runtime`](#-fsanitize-minimal-runtime)), particularly for Set User ID (SUID) binaries, as they expose operational parameters via environmental variables which can be manipulated to clobber root-owned files and privilege escalation[^Nagy2016].
```

The run-time behavior of UBSan can be influenced using the `UBSAN_OPTIONS` environment variable. If set to `UBSAN_OPTIONS=help=1` the available options are shown at startup of the instrumented program.

> Unlike other sanitizers, UBSan comes with an option to enable a minimal runtime which does not expose additional attack surfaces and can be enabled in production environments. You can use `-fsanitize-minimal-runtime` flag to enable it.

Reviewer: Missing "the"

```suggestion
Unlike other sanitizers, UBSan comes with an option to enable a minimal runtime which does not expose additional attack surfaces and can be enabled in production environments. You can use the `-fsanitize-minimal-runtime` flag to enable it.
```
